[Music]
Well Aurora Camila I think there's no
doubt about it the other day there was
also a bit of controversy I don't know
if you saw it because of some statements she
made in Nightmares in Paradise that I
don't know what you think but I certainly did
n't see them as any malice I mean I
saw it more as a comment made
between friends and family in which she says that
the child has that brother who has
the face of the father who enslaves the
father and who also always says
that his last name is Ortega Cano you know and they
took it as an ugly kind
of slap Ana María Aldon and I then
watching the video separately then
the video came out I think it's we converted and they
are eating as a family I don't know if it's the I do
n't know if it's the same interview with
Ortega that she has turned into a borne of
marra in her house but you are with family
Gloria Camila is so yellow they are
kids and in kid yes it's
true what she
says about the last name if you what does that
call you My name is José María Ortega
Cano and it's true that what she says is true
Camila and then physically I don't
know that's subjective It's that I see him
similar to both I see him I see him very
identical to the mother but I also see him very
identical I see him it seems to me
that he resembles the father
too but as I tell you I start them
Camila Well let's see It's that I look
many times I have thought that Ortega here
was not like a last name You know because we
have it as assumed as you know what I
want to tell you that really nobody
says José María Ortega not everyone
says José María Ortega Cano Ortega Cano
no then it seems It's like it's a let's
see as for the comment that Gloria
Camila says well look the child is the same
as the father and he says his name is José
María Ortega Cano If it had stayed
there then it wouldn't have the slightest
importance no because it's true we have
seen the child himself say it on the
program what is his name José María
Ortega Cano then Well if it
stays there there is no controversy What
happens what does my trace of the mother's last name say
and Knowing Clearly why does she put
that tagline  No,
I certainly do see that it was
unnecessary, you know. I want to tell you if you
're now with your swords raised, if you
know that the issue of the child is one
more conflict in the life of your father,
Ana or whatever, then maybe that
tagline is unnecessary, that you might have it at
a given moment with your close friend, but
not on a program that you know is going to
generate, well, another controversy.
So I think that there you go watching reality shows a lot
and it's true that they
say I haven't been lucky, I've
never been on any and I don't think I will be,
but they say that it kind of disconnects you, there are
some moments when you disconnect
from the fact that they're recording you. I don't know if that
's 100% that feeling, you were
on Big Brother, no, yes, Big Brother
VIP and I can tell you one thing on Big
Brother VIP, yes, it could be that in
some way you forget a little that
the cameras are there because you
practically don't see the cameras. No, well,
there are cameras, yes, they move in Italy,
there are many that are hidden, no, no, you don't
even know where they are located,
so it's a house that is, there
's no dark spot in the  sense that there
is no place where
except the bathroom where
and in the shower where there is a place where there is
not a camera but by not seeing them
so much you can somehow forget
that they are there No that is worth it but in a
program in which you have the cameraman with
the camera here like this above you That is not
worth it to me anymore Yes it is true of course there it is not
24 hours that you lose a little the notion
of time also because in Big
Brother it is true that you say
Well the same they are picking up what I
said in the morning maybe at
noon
Wait
wait an easy moment if it is important you
have to pick it come on
wait I'm going to put it in
[Music]
this in What is it called on an airplane because if
not Besides it comes out it comes out
here now we have lost or
what no no Ah Well it's that now no I don't
see you you don't see me No wait because
now it has gone like Einstein walk
Hello
we can see perfectly me I have
lost the window of Ah but that is
the window of the explorer of course and
now how do I enter
to see is that no this is facetime this is not  it's just that
suddenly I started
FaceTime well we can continue talking I can't
see you but
it's the browser Chrome Chrome
Chrome whatever you have open it already
sees us I can see you okay at
ease that many times maybe we
do it without seeing each other's faces and
many times it gives you a very strange feeling
No, yes, what you say is true It
seems to me that it could be that he made
the dig and slyly like a
good guy but that I gave it to you You know
why it's true that the
camera is there you know
no and evidently it's a program
that also doesn't have I mean it's not
generating that much content and you know
that Ana María and you and your controversy and
all that is content that interests the
network well it's clear that what you say
[Music]